how much would it cost to be Batman
everyone loves the legendary Dark Knight
but how much money would it cost to
actually be the hero Gotham needs
okinawan it will cost more than a couple
hockey pads
oh my word hockey players after Wayne
Manor burns to the ground the Wayne
estate is rebuilt between the Batcave
and the main house being rebuilt a
mansion of that size is estimated at six
hundred million dollars however we don't
know how much Bruce Wayne had his house
insured for and it is possible that if
the fire was seen as an accident his
insurance company could have paid for it
all Bruce Wayne has three different bat
caves throughout the three movies the
first one closed down before Bruce Wayne
could fully renovate it the second one
was a secret bunker with a supercomputer
secret elevator and special ceiling
lighting the estimated cost comes to two
million dollars the third one was back
in the underground Batcave with a
supercomputer batwing launch pad proper
hydraulics the estimated cost comes to
three million dollars according to the
International Institute of modern
butlers a live-in Butler
who was a valet caretaker an executive
estate manager would be making a yearly
salary of anywhere from seventy thousand
to one hundred and twenty five thousand
since Alfred has been working for the
Wayne family for over thirty years
let's assume he is the higher pay of a
hundred and twenty five thousand most of
Batman's gear is inherited by Wayne
Enterprises oh this stuff is yours
anyway here's a cost rundown Kevlar
utility harness 380 $5.98 reinforced
forearm blades $1,000
Kevlar custom boots $1,000 t pls
grappling hook launcher $50,000 Nomex
survival suit for advanced infantry
comes with a kevlar buy we've reinforced
joints tear resistant and bulletproof
Lucius Fox tells us that it costs
$300,000 think a soldier's life was
worth
Batman's cape is a special memory cloth
the closest thing is hang-glider
material and the cheapest is three
thousand three hundred and ninety
dollars
Batman's helmet Bruce Wayne has to
disguise his order so he buys about ten
thousand graphite helmets these go for
two hundred and forty four dollars each
although for such a large order you
could probably negotiate the price down
to two hundred dollars Lee's Lee gave us
a discount that racks up to two million
dollars batman cuts his own batarangs
and some good industrial sheet metal
comes in around $45 for five thousand
square inches so Batman can cut about
three hundred batarangs from that much
metal finally you'll need some of that
black spray paint about six dollars a
can times ten cans is about $60 thermal
vision camera $1500 three teargas
grenades
six hundred dollars a sonic bat
attractor $1,000 night-vision goggles
$300 Batman also carries some small
explosives on him and you can get 5 riot
grenades for about two hundred dollars
the tumbler team gallic a car building
crew that regularly competes in the
infamous gumball 3000 car race were able
to build their own Batman inspired
tumbler for about 1.6 million dollars
now adding in a jet engine
self destruct mode armor plating front
mounted machine guns GPS and
supercomputer would add up to another 10
million in engineering parts and labor
eleven point six million I gotta get me
one of those the Batpod the auction for
a custom-built Batpod replica from
motorcycle builders Parker Brothers
choppers sold on eBay for about $100,000
the batwing the closest thing to a
real-life batwing is the US Marines v-22
Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft with the
functions of a plane and helicopter
price tag around 60 million dollars the
amount of money it costs to fuel these
vehicles is hard to determine as gas and
oil prices change every day
according to Forbes on
it cost fifty three thousand dollars to
fill up a private jet engine with fuel
now let's add up all these numbers a
grand total of seventy nine million two
hundred thirty seven thousand four
hundred and eighty dollars and ninety
eight cents good thing Bruce Wayne is a
billionaire industrialist nice car
thanks for watching be sure to subscribe
and click to watch more Batman clips
you